hello with you apple magic hd
Today I will talk about the experience of working with
new stone and I spent with him almost
week now I will draw conclusions about it
fine computer then let's start
the first thing that catches the eye at first
turning this computer up is simple
clear system setup which
can hold
even a five year old child when setting up
language max speak the selected language
I will fill all settings for me
It took about 2 minutes with what you can
skip half of these parameters
the second is what catches your eye
the application is installed unreal
just officially setting going on
through the appstore mage
this is the mac app store you need
just click on the install button
on the application page and applications
will start to install on your magician
Naturally for some applications
have to pay and need to bind
credit card efficiency i will do this topic
separate video is also possible
install application from dna images
for this you have to open the dmg file
drag application to folder
applications
and it will appear launchpad also me
liked the new teens 11 it is convenient
behalf of the player that is, you can put
song turn on mini player roll it up
thenx and pause the song in any
moment while working on the computer is not
including the itunes itself pleased function
Photo stream I take a photo on ipod
or ipad and i can see right away
on poppy
a set of standard programs is enough for
newcomer to the apple world
i edited the past my video in
regular program and imovie
I don’t have many games for mac os
enough and gta san andreas
the animal is heated only when
exporting very long video in high
quality
it works very fast and silently and
brevity and simplicity of this system
makes me so happy that I don't really
I want to work on windows and sometimes I
falls on branded keyboards have
some keys doing work with
computer even nicer for example
launchpad or mission call key
control magician is very good several times
few poppy songs are better written
viruses and a lot of good programs
mac mini is perfect for family
of use
It is suitable for installation and for
programming synchronization with his with
devices also convenient for installation
just for all the conclusion if you have
opportunity to go to mac
it fits everyone subscribe
put a like comment with you was
apple magic goodbye